Hello, everyone.
Welcome to this UI UX crash course with anybody can develop in me or Twitter for today.
So now we're going to prototyping.
What is prototype?
What is a prototype?
A prototype is a simulation of a real product that is used to get feedback.
And test, so it is an effective way to get feedback from investors and stakeholders.
Prototype is like a representation of the actual product.
It is not the actual product prototypes are made because it is a fast way to get feedback.
It is a fast way to test your users, incorporates the feedback you get from them.
So what are the types of prototypes?
Now we have two types of fidelity and high fidelity, but then someone asks, What does fidelity mean?
Fidelity refers to the level of detail in a design.
So when we say low fidelity, we are basically saying there is low level of detail in that design.
In high fidelity, we mean there's high level detail in the design.
So examples of low fidelity prototypes, types of low fidelity prototypes are paper prototypes and digital
prototypes.
An example of high fidelity prototypes are the digital prototypes that we design in these designing
tools like Adobe Vision, Figma and the Rest.
So these are examples of prototypes.
On my left here you see the low fidelity prototype or the wireframe.
On my right, you see the high fidelity prototype.
Now that's moving on to wireframe or the wireframe.
So from Ilya, you mentioned that wireframe is a type of the low fidelity prototype.
So it's a low fidelity layout.
It doesn't have a lot of details.
It just has the basic information needed to figure out how the app is going to look like it deals with.
Structure and functionality than the visuals or how it's supposed to look.
So its goal is to create a skeleton of the actual design before moving on to create the design itself.
What are the types of wireframes we have?
Low fidelity wireframes like the prototypes we have low fidelity wireframes and high fidelity wireframes.
So as you can see here on my left, there's a low fidelity wireframe which has very limited detail,
and then there's a high fidelity wireframe which has a bit more detail compared to the low fidelity
wireframe.
Okay.
So does the further theory move on to the practical?
So this is what we are going to be designing for the practical and wizard.
Join me as we design.
Thank you very much.